---
title: 十大常见英语用词错误
url: 26.html
id: 26
date: 2007-05-27 02:56:55
tags:
---

转至煎蛋 1\. **Loose** 和 **lose** 错：I always **loose** the product key. 对：I always **lose** the product key. 2. **It's** 和 **its** (严格拼写是 **its'**) 错：Download the HTA, along with **it's** readme file. 对：Download the HTA, along with **its** readme file. 错：The laptop is overheating and **its** making that funny noise again. 对：The laptop is overheating and **it's** making that funny noise again. 3. **They're** 和 **their** 和 **there** 错：The managers are in **they're** weekly planning meeting. 对：The managers are in **their** weekly planning meeting. 错：The techs have to check **there** cell phones at the door, and their not happy about it. 对：The techs have to check **their** cell phones at the door, and they're not happy about it. 4\. **i.e.** 和 **e.g.** 错：Use an anti-spyware program (**i.e.**, AdAware). 对：Use an anti-spyware program (**e.g.**, AdAware). 注：i.e. 意为 "that is"; e.g. 意思是 "for example." 二者后面都要加逗号. 5. **Effect** 和 **affect** 错：The outage shouldn't **effect** any users during work hours. 对：The outage shouldn't **affect** any users during work hours. 对：The outage shouldn't have any **effect** on users. 对：We will **effect** several changes during the downtime. 注：Impact 不是动词. 你可以考虑用 affect 来代替: 错：The outage shouldn't **impact** any users during work hours. 对：The outage shouldn't **affect** any users during work hours. 对：The outage should have no **impact** on users during work hours. 6\. **You're** 和 **your** 错：Remember to defrag **you're** machine on a regular basis. 对：Remember to defrag **your** machine on a regular basis. 错：**Your** right about the changes. 对：**You're** right about the changes. 7. **Different than** 和 **different from** 错：This setup is **different than** the one at the main office. 对：This setup is **different from** the one at the main office. 对：This setup is **better than** the one at the main office. 8. **Lay** 和 **lie** 错：I got dizzy and had to **lay** down. 对：I got dizzy and had to **lie** down. 对：Just **lay** those books over there. 9. **Then** 和 **than** 错：The accounting department had more problems **then** we did. 对：The accounting department had more problems **than** we did. 注：当一个句子以 If 开头时,你并不需要接着来一个 then. Then 完全是多余的: 错：**If** you can't get Windows to boot, **then** you'll need to call Ted. 对：**If** you can't get Windows to boot, you'll need to call Ted. 10. **Could of**, **would of** 和 **could have**, **would have** 错：I **could of** installed that app by mistake. 对：I **could have** installed that app by mistake. 错：I **would of** sent you a meeting notice, but you were out of town. 对：I **would have** sent you a meeting notice, but you were out of town.